Fix explode dev (#75)
taichi-dev/taichi_elements: README.md

 - To integrate the simulator into Blender

# Using `taichi_elements` in Python

>  - Install [taichi](https://github.com/taichi-dev/taichi) with `pip`: `python3 -m pip install taichi`, then run with `python3 download_ply.py` to download model flies for demo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Install [taichi](https://github.com/taichi-dev/taichi) with `pip`: `python3 -m pip install taichi`
 - Execute `python3 download_ply.py` to download model files used by the demos
```

 - `python3 demo/demo_2d.py` and you will see
 <img src="https://github.com/yuanming-hu/public_files/raw/master/graphics/elements/demo_2d.gif">

>  - `python3 demo_3d.py` and you will see a 3D simulation visualized in 2D.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

 - `python3 demo_3d.py` and you will see a 3D simulation visualized in 2D.
```

> ## Learn how to use sparse SNode in a simple sparse MPM example
> 
> tutorial [here](https://taichi.readthedocs.io/en/stable/sparse.html)
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## To simulate and render an example 3D scene with Python
 - Make sure you have a modern NVIDIA GPU (e.g. GTX 1080 Ti)
 - Download [`taichi.ply`](https://github.com/taichi-dev/taichi_elements_blender_examples/releases/download/ply/taichi.ply) and run `python3 demo_3d_letters.py` (wait for at least 10 frames)
   - A binary particle folder with a timestamp in its time (e.g., `sim_2020-07-27_20-55-48`) will be created under the current folder.

>  - here is an example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Example:
```

   - ```python
     python engine/render_particles
     -i ./path/to/particles #input directory
     -b 0 -e 400 -s 1 # render 0~400 frame with step 1
     -o ./path/output
     --gpu-memory 20 # 20GB GPU memory
     -M 460 # at maximum 460 million particles
     --shutter-time 0.0 # How much Motion blur effect.
     # Notice Memory usage increase when shutter_time increases
     -r 128 # rendering spatial grid dimension
     ```

     
 - Images are in the `rendered` folder. For example, 100 million MPM particles simulated in 8 hours on a V100 GPU:

[[Watch on YouTube]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oiuSax_iPto)
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/taichi-dev/public_files/master/taichi_elements/100Mparticles.jpg" height="600px">

- Here is an example running 450 million particles.

  TODO

- 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Learn about sparse computation in Taichi](https://docs.taichi.graphics/docs/lang/articles/advanced/sparse)
```

 - Execute `python3 download_ply.py` to download model files used by the demos
 - `python3 demo/demo_2d.py` and you will see
 <img src="https://github.com/yuanming-hu/public_files/raw/master/graphics/elements/demo_2d.gif">

 - `python3 demo_3d.py` and you will see a 3D simulation visualized in 2D.

## To simulate and render an example 3D scene with Python
 - Make sure you have a modern NVIDIA GPU (e.g. GTX 1080 Ti)
 - Download [`taichi.ply`](https://github.com/taichi-dev/taichi_elements_blender_examples/releases/download/ply/taichi.ply) and run `python3 demo_3d_letters.py` (wait for at least 10 frames)
   - A binary particle folder with a timestamp in its time (e.g., `sim_2020-07-27_20-55-48`) will be created under the current folder.
 - Example:

   - ```python
     python engine/render_particles
     -i ./path/to/particles #input directory
     -b 0 -e 400 -s 1 # render 0~400 frame with step 1
     -o ./path/output
     --gpu-memory 20 # 20GB GPU memory
     -M 460 # at maximum 460 million particles
     --shutter-time 0.0 # How much Motion blur effect.
     # Notice Memory usage increase when shutter_time increases
     -r 128 # rendering spatial grid dimension

>      ```

Reviewer: I don't think you can directly execute this. At least you need `\` to concatenate the lines.

Author: Hi, I think reader would not bother adding the `\`(or squash them into one line ) themselves because the annotation here. They need to remove the annotation to run the command. So I don't think we should add the `\` actually(for the sake of beauty). Some IDLE(like Pycharm) will even automatically add the `\` for you😂

Reviewer: I think you should try to create a piece of example code that people can directly copy-paste into the command line and then execute, after the paths are replaced. I don't think in bash these multi-line commends can be automatically concatnated.

     
 - Images are in the `rendered` folder. For example, 100 million MPM particles simulated in 8 hours on a V100 GPU:

[[Watch on YouTube]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oiuSax_iPto)
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/taichi-dev/public_files/master/taichi_elements/100Mparticles.jpg" height="600px">

- Here is an example running 450 million particles.

>   TODO

Reviewer: ?

Author: I am waiting for the [pull request](https://github.com/taichi-dev/public_files/pull/3) to be proved  to add the link 😂

# Using `taichi_elements` in Python
 - Install [taichi](https://github.com/taichi-dev/taichi) with `pip`: `python3 -m pip install taichi`

 - Execute `python3 download_ply.py` to download model files used by the demos

 - `python3 demo/demo_2d.py` and you will see
 <img src="https://github.com/yuanming-hu/public_files/raw/master/graphics/elements/demo_2d.gif">

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

 - `python3 demo_3d.py` and you will see a 3D simulation visualized in 2D.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>  - `python3 demo/demo_2d_show_active_bound.py` to get a visual understanding on how Taichi sparse `SNodes` work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `python3 demo/demo_2d_sparse_active_blocks.py` to get a visual understanding of Taichi sparse computation
```

    <img src="https://github.com/taichi-dev/public_files/raw/master/taichi_elements/sparse_mpm_active_blocks.gif" height="600px">

>     
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## To simulate and render an example 3D scene with Python
 - Make sure you have a modern NVIDIA GPU (e.g. GTX 1080 Ti)
 - Download [`taichi.ply`](https://github.com/taichi-dev/taichi_elements_blender_examples/releases/download/ply/taichi.ply) and run `python3 demo_3d_letters.py` (wait for at least 10 frames)
   - A binary particle folder with a timestamp in its time (e.g., `sim_2020-07-27_20-55-48`) will be created under the current folder.
 - Example:

   - ```bash

>      python engine/render_particles \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     python3 engine/render_particles \
```

... and I don't think this command can be executed.

     -i ./path/to/particles \
     -b 0 -e 400 -s 1 \
     -o ./path/output \
     --gpu-memory 20 \
     -M 460 \
     --shutter-time 0.0 \
     -r 128
     ```
   
 - Images are in the `rendered` folder. For example, 100 million MPM particles simulated in 8 hours on a V100 GPU:

[[Watch on YouTube]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oiuSax_iPto)
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/taichi-dev/public_files/master/taichi_elements/100Mparticles.jpg" height="600px">

> - Here is an example running 460 million particles with **Quantization** in only `24` GB GPU memory.(40 bytes per particle)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Here is a 460-million-particle simulation on a GPU with `24` GB memory. Each particle takes 40 bytes, thanks to [quantization](https://github.com/taichi-dev/quantaichi).
```

 - `python3 demo_3d.py` and you will see a 3D simulation visualized in 2D.

 - `python3 demo/demo_2d_show_active_bound.py` to get a visual understanding on how Taichi sparse `SNodes` work

    <img src="https://github.com/Jack12xl/public_files/raw/master/taichi_elements/active_bound_grid.gif" height="600px">

    

## To simulate and render an example 3D scene with Python
 - Make sure you have a modern NVIDIA GPU (e.g. GTX 1080 Ti)
 - Download [`taichi.ply`](https://github.com/taichi-dev/taichi_elements_blender_examples/releases/download/ply/taichi.ply) and run `python3 demo_3d_letters.py` (wait for at least 10 frames)
   - A binary particle folder with a timestamp in its time (e.g., `sim_2020-07-27_20-55-48`) will be created under the current folder.
 - Example:

   - ```python
     python engine/render_particles \
     -i ./path/to/particles #input directory
     -b 0 -e 400 -s 1 # render 0~400 frame with step 1
     -o ./path/output
     --gpu-memory 20 # 20GB GPU memory
     -M 460 # at maximum 460 million particles
     --shutter-time 0.0 # How much Motion blur effect.
     # Notice Memory usage increase when shutter_time increases

>      -r 128 # rendering spatial grid dimension

Reviewer: I think you need `\` at the end of every line to concatenate the command.
